so let's go over 10 presentations
here we have
Announced a set of course modeling
and visualization of the exterior of the cottage from
before i
all students at the end of the course
gift rewrite it traversed
of the material
Classes are held individually in
teacher or student in the city of Kiev
for nonresident provide video course with
full skype advisory support
in the process of studying this course you have
there will be a unique opportunity
learn at the professional level
model and visualize
realistic exterior example of which
you can see the site for full
mastering the material you need 15 lessons
let's look at the course topics we will
prepare a plan to model the walls
buildings to model windows to model
the roof of the foundation is a ladder fence and
to model a tile
using the hands of the designer to model
we will gutters in the seventh lesson we will
textured building
create pavement road
textured environment create
grass and flowers tenth lesson we will
create
street lights and tune
daylight in the eleventh manual
simulation tree using plugins
columns x in the twelfth lesson we will
create additional vegetation
as well as elements and plants in the back
plan using the forest plugin pro
and in the thirteenth lesson final tune
textures on trees in the fourteenth
create night lighting and tuning
visualization and of course the final 15
the lesson will be
we'll just handle the final
visualization of the wondrous and night lighting
photoshop what did you listen to the course topics
visualization of the exterior of the cottage here
give it back and it was 10 10 presentation if
she interested you
contact we will study to engage
working on the result with you was an affair
brazen to new meetings